Clarify SCONE support indication placement in QUIC (#124)
ietf-wg-scone/scone: draft-ietf-scone-protocol.md

A client that uses a QUIC version that includes length-delimited packets,
which includes QUIC versions 1 {{QUIC}} and 2 {{!QUICv2=RFC9369}},
can include an indicator of SCONE support

> following the QUIC packets in datagrams that start a flow.

Reviewer: I think that it is genuinely "at the end", not following.

As in [packet][packet][whatever][indication], not [packet][packet][indication][whatever].  Recognizing that [packet][packet][indication] might be what you are thinking.

Author: Ok, I wanted to capture that it's after the length delimited packets more explicitly.

Something other than [packet][packet+indication]

Maybe

```suggestion
outside of the QUIC packets at the end of datagrams that start a flow.
```

But I don't love it either.
